Name of Program,Place,University,When,Language,Duration,Credits,Fee,Registration deadline,Course leader,Target group,Course aim,Fee info,Scholarships,Credits info
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning,"Birmingham, United Kingdom",Birmingham City University International Summer School,15 July 2024 - 2 August 2024,English,3 weeks,,GBP 2300,31 May 2024,,,"This course offers an intensive, hands-on learning experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning, integrating theoretical foundations with practical skills. The program is designed to equip participants with a deep understanding of data science fundamentals, advanced computational techniques, and the latest trends in AI and machine learning.","GBP 2300: What is included in your fee: Academic course Accommodation for three weeks Birmingham airport pick-up and drop-off Cultural visits Programme of social events International Summer School T-shirt Please note travel to the UK, visa costs and other personal travel and living expenses are not included e.g. meals. There are many shops, canteens, cafes, and restaurants on or near the campus.",none,
AI and Big Data Summer School,"Leipzig, Germany",International ScaDs.AI Summer School,25 June 2024 - 28 June 2024,English,1 week,,EUR 300,1 June 2024,"Prof. Dr. Erhard Rahm Director ScaDS Dresden/Leipzig, Universität Leipzig Dr. Eric Peukert Administration Director ScaDS Dresden/Leipzig, Universität Leipzig","The school aims at graduate students, Ph.D. students, researchers as well as practitioners starting or being active in the areas of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Big Data.","Within the program, we offer inspiring insights into various research areas by internationally recognized and well-known speakers. Besides some highlights from our center, we also will have presentations by colleagues from the network of German AI competence centers. In addition, participants will be offered a wide range of opportunities for scientific exchange — from social activities such as a city tour and dinner in a traditional restaurant to dragon boating together. This allows participants to network and collaborate with other international researchers and practitioners.","EUR 300: Early Bird Ticket - Standard Registration: https://pretix.eu/infai/SummerSchool2024/ EUR 80: Ticket — Master Students This ticket is for Master students and enables participation without the social program at the international Summer School 2024 of ScaDS.AI Dresden/Leipzig. If you are interested, please send us a letter of motivation and a scan of the student ID card to the following address: scads.ai.events@uni-leipzig.de. Registration: https://pretix.eu/infai/SummerSchool2024/",,
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Natural Language Processing,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",15 July 2024 - 2 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 3980,10 May 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and natural language processing concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning, recurrent neural networks, GRU, and LSTMs. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Be able to demonstrate understanding of the algorithms and methods used to process textual data. - Understand the functionality of large language models and their training through finetuning, low-rank adaptation, and quantized low-rank adaptation. - Demonstrate understanding of the practical applications of natural language processing. - Be able to discuss the potential limitations, biases, ethical concerns, and misuses of NLP.","GBP 3980: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - A co-curricular programme of skills workshops and guest speakers. - Access to the Lady Margaret Hall College Library. - Bed & Breakfast accommodation throughout your programme. - Lunch and dinner in the College Dining Hall Monday to Friday. - A full Social & Cultural Programme, including two excursions to other English cities per three-week programme session. - A high-quality printed class photograph. - Formal Graduation banquet.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Climate Intelligence,"Como (CO), Italy",Climate Intelligence Summer School,17 June 2024 - 20 June 2024,English,1 week,,EUR 300,4 March 2024,Andrea Castelletti,,,EUR 300: The fee covers: all lectures; course material; wi-fi connections; lunches and coffee breaks; social dinner. The fee does NOT cover accommodation and travel.,,
Artificial Intelligence: From Deep Learning to Data Analytics,"Udine, Italy",AI-DLDA: International Summer School on Artificial Intelligence,1 July 2024 - 5 July 2024,English,1 week,3 EC,EUR 400,24 June 2024,"SCHOOL DIRECTORS Gian Luca Foresti, Università di Udine (IT) Christian Micheloni, Università di Udine (IT) Rita Cucchiara, Università di Modena e Reggio Emilia (IT)","Master’s students, Ph.D. students, researchers, and industry practitioners will be the ideal profiles of participants. However, there are no formal prerequisites for attendance in terms of academic degrees. All selected participants will benefit from direct interaction with world leaders in AI.","AI-DLDA is intended for young researchers, Ph.D. students and industry practitioners with the aim of offering an update on the most recent advances in the area of Artificial Intelligence, from deep learning to data analytics. Attending in the classroom on-site will give you more opportunities than merely following the online classes: - Build a direct relationship with eminent European Academics, having the possibility to interact with professors and speakers both in class and during coffee breaks or convivial gatherings. - Meet Ph.D students, scholars and researchers from other countries and share studies, experiences and point of view. - Network with CEOs, CFOs, and industry practitioners from the AI field in order to create partnerships for future collaborations. - Match students and professionals with the most important companies based in Friuli Venezia Giulia which operate in global markets. … And experience the city of Udine, taste traditional food & wines, learn Furlan (our local language), and discorver one of the lesser-known treasures in the North-East of Italy.","EUR 400: STUDENT ONSITE EARLY BIRD (until 30th April) - 350,00 € STUDENT ONSITE - 400,00 € STUDENT ONLINE - 350,00 € EUR : BUSINESS PARTICIPANTS (PROFESSIONALS, FREELANCE. ETC) please write us an email at aidlda@ditedi.it for more details","APPLICATION DEADLINE: Maj 20th at 11am What is needed for the scholarship application: CV, attendance certificate, abstract of AI project research, pre-payment of the fee. If you are selected you'll be fee refunded + have a free accommodation in Udine",3 EC Italian Universities recognize 3 CFU. Foreign universities recognize a number of credits at the discretion of the Chancellor.
Artificial Intelligence And Global Governance,"Brussels, Belgium",Global Governance Institute,28 May 2024 - 1 June 2024,English,1 week,,EUR 1500,1 May 2024,"Prof. Dr. Medlir Mema, Brigham Young University Idaho, US, Head of Programme AI & Global Governance at GGI Brussels, and host of the ""IR in the age of AI"" Podcast","This course is designed for professionals involved in policymaking, international relations, technology management, and anyone interested in understanding the implications of AI on global governance. This includes government officials, diplomats, policy advisors, tech entrepreneurs, researchers, and students in relevant fields. It’s also suitable for those who are keen to understand how AI can be leveraged to solve complex problems in global governance. The course provides a unique opportunity to learn from leading experts in the field and to network with like-minded professionals from around the world.","The primary objective of this course is to provide participants with the necessary knowledge and skills to navigate the complex landscape of AI in global governance. It focuses on the challenges and opportunities AI presents for domestic and international regulatory frameworks, international security, law, and diplomacy, as well as the need for guarding against bias and promoting inclusivity, diversity, and equity. As AI continues to evolve, it is reshaping power dynamics, cooperation, and conflict among and within nations. This transformation is leading to a new era where AI-driven technologies play a pivotal role in decision-making processes. However, the rise of AI also presents new challenges, including ethical dilemmas, gender bias, digital authoritarianism, and the potential for AI-enhanced military conflict. Participants will delve into these issues, examining how AI can both challenge and enhance international relations while promoting inclusivity and diversity. The course also aims to help participants develop strategies to leverage AI for effective governance. This involves understanding how to harness the power of AI ethically, transparently, and in alignment with global norms and standards. It also involves ensuring that AI systems are designed and used in a way that promotes inclusivity, diversity, and equity. Participants will engage in hands-on activities and workshops to apply what they have learned and develop their own inclusive AI strategies for global governance. This programme combines theoretical, policy-oriented, and practical lessons from interdisciplinary perspectives including international relations, international law, AI ethics, and governance studies. It emphasizes the importance of addressing bias in AI and promoting diversity in global governance. Participants will learn from leading thinkers and experts about major challenges posed by AI in global governance and how to apply concrete policy solutions.","EUR 1500: AI&GG in Brussels – The fee includes access to all sessions, learning materials and a 3-month access to the digital learning platform, lunch, coffee and refreshments throughout the summer school, as well as the welcome dinner, graduation ceremony reception, and social activities in Brussels. EUR 1200: The fee includes access to all sessions, learning materials and a 3-month access to the digital learning platform.",,
Introduction to Tools and Methods of Artificial Intelligence,"Budapest, Hungary",Eötvös Loránd University Summer School,15 July 2024 - 21 July 2024,English,1 week,3 EC,EUR 280,31 May 2024,"ELTE Faculty of Infromatics, Department of Artificial Intelligence","We recommend this course for those who are familiar with script coding languages, linear algebra, and the basic ideas behind statistics and probability.",This summer school course aims to provide the first insight to Artificial Intelligence for students with a background in STEM fields.,EUR 280: The course fee for 1-week online courses - that includes tuition fee and course materials – is 280 EUR,Not available,"3 EC The course offers ECTS points, which may be accepted for credit transfer by the participants' home universities. Those who wish to obtain these credits should inquire about the possible transfer at their home institution prior to their enrollment."
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Computer Vision,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",15 July 2024 - 2 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 3980,10 May 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and computer vision concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning and convolutional neural networks. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand computer vision algorithms for classification, recognition, and detection, and their implementation in deep learning libraries. - Know the different types of generative adversarial network and their distinct contributions to controlled data synthesis and image generation. - Be able to identify different diffusion models and assess their advantages in generative modeling. - Be able to demonstrate awareness and understanding of the latest key research areas in computer vision.","GBP 3980: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - A co-curricular programme of skills workshops and guest speakers. - Access to the Lady Margaret Hall College Library. - Bed & Breakfast accommodation throughout your programme. - Lunch and dinner in the College Dining Hall Monday to Friday. - A full Social & Cultural Programme, including two excursions to other English cities per three-week programme session. - A high-quality printed class photograph. - Formal Graduation banquet.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Deep Unsupervised Learning,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",5 August 2024 - 23 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 1360,10 July 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning, recurrent neural networks, and convolutional neural networks. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand the differences between supervised and unsupervised learning and the fundamentals of clustering. - Be able to utilise a range of algorithms and techniques for unsupervised, self-supervised, and semi-supervised learning. - Be able to evaluate the efficacy of real-world applications of deep unsupervised learning across various domains. - be able to demonstrate familiarity with the current state of research into deep unsupervised learning.","GBP 1360: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - Access to the LMH Summer Programmes remote learning platform. - Support of the dedicated Remote Learning Coordinator.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Deep Learning,"Amsterdam, Netherlands",Tinbergen Institute & Business Data Science Summer School,15 July 2024 - 19 July 2024,English,1 week,3 EC,EUR 1000,17 June 2024,"Eran Raviv holds a PhD in econometrics from Erasmus University Rotterdam, a master’s degree in applied statistics from Tel Aviv University and a second master’s degree in quantitative finance from Erasmus University Rotterdam.","Level The summer course welcomes Master’s and PhD students, alumni, professionals in economics and related fields, who are interested in deep learning. The level is introductory, targeted at participants who would like to familiarize themselves with the topic, and acquire a good basis from which to approach deep learning potential applications. Admission requirements Students are expected to have a solid background in calculus, linear algebra, and classical statistics. Familiarity with open source languages such as R or Python is a must.",Participants who joined at least 80% of all sessions and hand in the assignment will receive a certificate of participation stating that the summer school is equivalent to a work load of 3 ECTS. Note that it is the student’s own responsibility to get these credits registered at their university.,"EUR 1000: PhD and Master Students € 1.000 The course fee covers tuition, course materials, daily lunches and coffee/tea during short breaks, social event including a dinner and farewell drinks. The course fee does not include accommodation. EUR 2000: Academics (incl. postdocs) and Professionals € 2.000 The course fee covers tuition, course materials, daily lunches and coffee/tea during short breaks, social event including a dinner and farewell drinks. The course fee does not include accommodation.",,3 EC Participants who joined at least 80% of all sessions and hand in the assignment will receive a certificate of participation stating that the summer school is equivalent to a work load of 3 ECTS. Note that it is the student’s own responsibility to get these credits registered at their university.
Human AI,"Amsterdam, Netherlands",VU Amsterdam Summer School,8 July 2024 - 19 July 2024,English,2 weeks,3 EC,EUR 1310,1 May 2024,Jan Treur,"Students or professionals interested to learn more on modeling and computer simulation of mental, social and health-related processes. This may concern Ph.D., Master or Bachelor students or any other types of interested students from any discipline. No programming nor modeling experience is needed.","By the end of the course, students will be able to: - Identify different types of mental, social and health-related processes - Understand how individual and social behaviour emerge from mechanisms known from Cognitive, Affective and Social Neuroscience, and from Cognitive and Social Sciences, and Health Sciences - Design network models for adaptive mental, social and health-related processes - Perform simulations based on these models using the provided Network-Oriented Modeling software environment",EUR 1310: Tuition fees two-week course VU Students/PhD candidates and employees of VU Amsterdam* or an Aurora Network Partner €735 Students at Partner Universities of VU Amsterdam €995 Students and PhD candidates at non-partner universities of VU Amsterdam €1100 Professionals €1310 Early Bird offer Applications received before 15 March (14 March CET 23:59) receive €50 Early Bird discount!,VU Amsterdam Summer School offers two kinds of scholarships: the Equal Access Scholarship and the Photographer Scholarship. More information can be found on the VU Amsterdam Summer School website.,3 EC 60 contact hours
The Challenges of Artificial Intelligence | No.2,"Paris, France",Sorbonne Summer University,15 July 2024 - 19 July 2024,French,1 week,,EUR 425,18 June 2024,Sorbonne Summer University Email Address: lettres-ftlv-universite-ete@sorbonne-universite.fr,"Students, tourists, or curious Parisians ! (A good level of French is required: B1)","Discover the ongoing debates in various scientific fields, while delving deep into the French civilization and being taught by professors from the renowned Sorbonne Université.",EUR 425: Registration before April 30th EUR 500: Full price,None,A course certificate will be delivered.
AI-Driven Design: From Foundations to Ethical Innovation,"Madrid, Spain",UPM International Summer School,1 July 2024 - 5 July 2024,English,1 week,3 EC,EUR 525,19 April 2024,Pablo Bris & Alberto Díez,"- Design enthusiasts: Students with a background or interest in design, including but not limited to graphic design, industrial design, user experience (UX) design, and other creative disciplines - Technology and AI enthusiasts: Individuals with a curiosity about AI and its applications in various fields, who want to explore how -AI can enhance and transform design practices Students of Arts and Humanities: Individuals studying or interested in arts, humanities, and related fields, seeking to bridge the gap between creativity and technology through AI applications in design",This course aims to equip students with practical and theoretical tools to excel in the dynamic space where design and technology converge.,EUR 525: Course tuition fee,Students who register before 29 February 2024 will receive a discounted rate.,
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Computer Vision,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",15 July 2024 - 2 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,EUR 1360,30 June 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and computer vision concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning and convolutional neural networks. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand computer vision algorithms for classification, recognition, and detection, and their implementation in deep learning libraries. - Know the different types of generative adversarial network and their distinct contributions to controlled data synthesis and image generation. - Be able to identify different diffusion models and assess their advantages in generative modeling. - Be able to demonstrate awareness and understanding of the latest key research areas in computer vision.","EUR 1360: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - Access to the LMH Summer Programmes remote learning platform. - Support of the dedicated Remote Learning Coordinator.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Artificial Intelligence in Industrial Applications,"Aachen, Germany",RWTH International Academy,23 June 2024 - 6 July 2024,English,2 weeks,3 EC,EUR 1400,30 April 2024,Your Short Course is mainly conducted by the the Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL) from RWTH University. This program has also been developed together with our long-standing partner Mitsubishi Electric Germany.,"Every year we welcome students from all over the world. You can become part of our international student community if you: - are at least 18 years old - in your Bachelor's, Master's, in between or recently graduated - are proficient in the English language Desirable is basic knowledge in the following areas: Lecture „Artificial Intelligence“ (or objective evidence of equivalent knowledge), interest in logic-based programming. Linux skills are beneficial. No English certificate is required. Our courses are all in English and therefore a proficient knowledge of English is important.","Deep Learning, Python and various topics related to Industry 4.0 - Understand Key AI concepts such as machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning and time series processing - Apply Supervised Learning in Predictive Quality - Perform information integration in industrial networks - Assess the potential of data driven solutions for industrial scenarios - Master programming basics in Python - Select appropriate Machine Learning techniques based on the data at hand",EUR 1400: Tuition fees EUR 850: With our all-inclusive package we provide our participants a carefree stay in the charming historic city of Aachen. The program fees of each on-campus program contain for example: - Accommodation (shared student room) - Breakfast and lunch on weekdays - A local public transportation ticket - Broad supporting program - Personal support from local mentors - Emergency contact - Certificate from RWTH Aachen University Registrations are open now! Apply before April 1!,Our team is glad to announce that we award scholarships for selected on-campus Summer School programs every year. Check out our website for details and see if you are a scholarship candidate.,"3 EC Have a look at the workload of our Short Courses: (1 hour = 45 minutes) 2-week programs | about 75 hours 3-week programs | about 100 hours Please note: All Short Courses are full time programs! Ultimately it is up to your home institution as to how many credits may be awarded. For details, please speak to your home institution’s Study Abroad Adviser."
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Theory and Practice,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",24 June 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 1360,10 June 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students in undergraduate or entry-level postgraduate study. Basic knowledge of calculus and linear algebra is required, and some experience of coding is recommended. Prior experience of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or the Python programming language is not required.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand theoretical concepts of artificial intelligence and machine learning. - Know how basic artificial intelligence and machine learning tools are used in practice. - Know how to implement basic algorithms and train small networks for practical problems. - Be able to identify and use relevant artificial intelligence and machine learning tools in research. - Know how to implement and deploy artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms on Google Cloud.","GBP 1360: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - Access to the LMH Summer Programmes remote learning platform. - Support of the dedicated Remote Learning Coordinator.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (July),"London, United Kingdom",Imperial College Global Summer School,1 July 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,2 weeks,,GBP 6600,4 May 2024,The Data Science Institute,16 - 17,"You will have the chance to take your subject knowledge to the next level through a challenging academic programme that balances lectures, seminars and a high level of practical work. This includes the chance to access professional advice and guidance around applying for university study in the UK, especially to Imperial College London.","GBP 6600: The cost of the residential programme in 2024 will cover:* - All tuition; - Course materials, such as building materials, lab supplies and protective equipment; - Masterclasses; - Use of campus facilities, such as sports hall, classrooms and catering facilities.; - Accommodation and on-site Wi-Fi; - Three meals a day; - Induction and orientation activities; - Social activities, including travel to and from activities; - Certificate of participation on completion of the Summer School, awarded by Imperial; - Finale celebrations; - Meet-and-greet transfer service at Heathrow airport on the first and final day. * This is subject to change each year",Not available.,
Speech Technology,"Leeuwarden, Netherlands",University of Groningen Summer Schools,3 June 2024 - 7 June 2024,English,1 week,,,15 April 2024,Matt Coler,"This program is designed for anyone interested in the topic. It is an entry-level summer school for all. No prior knowledge is required. We predict the students from some disciplines may be particularly interested. In order of relevance: Emerging Tech and Innovation Studies: Those involved in broader fields of emerging technology, innovation studies, or science and technology studies will find the course's focus on the future implications and ethical considerations of speech technology particularly relevant. Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) and Responsible User Experience (UX) Design: Students and professionals in HCI and UX Design programs will benefit from exploring how speech interfaces can enhance user experience and accessibility in technology design. The course provides practical examples of user-centered design principles in speech technology applications. Computer Science and AI students: Ideal for those enrolled in BSc or MSc in Computer Science, particularly with a focus on Artificial Intelligence. This summer school offers a reflection on how speech technology is developed and integrated into AI systems, providing valuable insights for both theoretical research and practical application. Linguistics and Phonetics students: Students in Linguistics and Phonetics will find this summer school bridges the gap between theoretical linguistic models and their application in speech synthesis and recognition, offering a unique perspective on the intersection of language and technology. Cognitive Science and Psychology: For those in Cognitive Science or Psychology, especially those focusing on human-computer interaction, this summer school offers topics of interest.","After this summer school you will be able to: - Explain the fundamentals of Speech Technology: Clearly articulate the underlying principles, mechanisms, and potential advancements in speech recognition and synthesis systems. - Integrate ethical and human-centered design in Speech Tech: Assess and incorporate ethical considerations and human-centered design approaches in the development and evaluation of speech technology applications, ensuring inclusivity and fairness. - Conduct futuring and scenario planning for speech tech: Employ futuring and scenario planning methods specifically tailored to speech technology, enabling you to anticipate, discuss, and prepare for various future developments and challenges in the field. - Apply problem-solving in tech design: Demonstrate the ability to creatively address challenges in technology design, particularly in integrating speech technology into diverse applications, through ideation, prototyping, and critical evaluation.",EUR 0: tba,,TBA
Applied Artificial Intelligence: Creating Business Outcomes,"Prague, Czech Republic",European Summer School in Prague,5 August 2024 - 16 August 2024,English,2 weeks,10 EC,EUR 950,30 June 2024,Béla P. Sándor Haarlem University of Applied Science (Lecturer and Entrepreneur) Béla is a business strategy and digital business advisor whose primary focus is in creating business outcomes through developing innovative business strategies.,Target group not limited = average students are young professionals and university students. Prerequisites Intermediate level of English (at least B1/B2),"Acquired skills Provide an understanding of the fundamentals of AI, with a focus on generative AI models and their capabilities. Develop the ability to identify and prioritize business problems that can be solved using generative AI. Learn how to apply the AI Canvas and FASt framework to design and evaluate AI-powered business solutions. Gain experience in using generative AI tools to find innovative solutions across different business functions. Cultivate an appreciation for the strategic, operational, and organizational aspects of implementing AI in a business context. Develop skills in integrating AI into existing business processes and leading organizational change. Understand the importance of AI governance, ethics, and responsible deployment to mitigate risks and bias. Examine real-world case studies and best practices in applying generative AI to drive business outcomes. Schedule: Day 1 Introduction to AI and Generative AI Models • AI's Impact on Business and Industry • Identifying AI Use Cases for Business • Devel oping a group-based project Day 2 AI-Driven Business Strategy and Competitive Analysis • The AI Canvas and FASt Framework • Applying Generative AI for Ideation and Innovation Day 3 Generative AI in Marketing and Customer Experience • Content Creation, Personalization, and Customer Insights • Case Studies and Best Practices Day 4 Generative AI in Operations and Supply Chain Optimization • Predictive Maintenance, Forecasting, and Process Automation • Hands-on Workshop: Applying AI to Operations Day 5 Generative AI in Finance and Accounting • Financial Forecasting, Risk Assessment, and Fraud Detection Day 6 Generative AI in Human Resources • Recruitment, Talent Management, and Workforce Planning • Case Studies Day 7 AI Ethics and Governance Frameworks • Bias Mitigation, Transparency, and Responsible AI Deployment • AI Ethics and Organizational Adoption Day 8 Integrating AI into Existing Business Processes • Change Management and Organizational Transformation • Developing an AI Implementation Plan for the Group Project Day 9 Student Project Work Time • One-on-One Mentoring and Feedback Day 10 Student Presentations of AI Business Solutions • Peer and Instructor Feedback • Course Wrap-up and Reflections","EUR 950: Course fee includes the application fee, study materials, afternoon/evening social activities and events during the week and barbecue. Other expenses, such as meals, accommodation, insurance, personal expenses, extra activities (such as trips outside the town over the weekend) are not included in the price. Please note, after the 30th of April 2024, there will be a late enrollment fee charged in the amount of 50EUR on top of the course fee. EUR 247: Accommodation fee for a 13-night stay at Botic Student House starts at 18 EUR/night for a double bed room. Single bed is 25EUR/night.",,10 EC 5 EC You will receive an official Certificate of Attendance upon completion of your course which you may use to show evidence of the skills you have learnt during the course and have the credits accepted by your home university.
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (August),"London, United Kingdom",Imperial College Global Summer School,5 August 2024 - 16 August 2024,English,2 weeks,,GBP 6600,4 May 2024,The Data Science Institute,16 - 17,"You will have the chance to take your subject knowledge to the next level through a challenging academic programme that balances lectures, seminars and a high level of practical work. This includes the chance to access professional advice and guidance around applying for university study in the UK, especially to Imperial College London.","GBP 6600: The cost of the residential programme in 2024 will cover:* - All tuition; - Course materials, such as building materials, lab supplies and protective equipment; - Masterclasses; - Use of campus facilities, such as sports hall, classrooms and catering facilities.; - Accommodation and on-site Wi-Fi; - Three meals a day; - Induction and orientation activities; - Social activities, including travel to and from activities; - Certificate of participation on completion of the Summer School, awarded by Imperial; - Finale celebrations; - Meet-and-greet transfer service at Heathrow airport on the first and final day. * This is subject to change each year",Not available.,
Get International @ HFT Stuttgart / Germany,"Stuttgart, Germany",HFT Stuttgart Summer School 2024,1 August 2024 - 16 August 2024,English,3 weeks,2 EC,EUR 990,31 May 2024,Staff members of Hochschule für Technik University of Applied Sciences Stuttgart,"Our interdisciplinary Summer School welcomes all students: - International students from all over the world, of partner universities and non-partner universities - HFT Stuttgart students - B.A. and M.A. students of all study programmes within the study areas “Architecture and Design”, “Civil Engineering, Building Physics and Business Management” and “Geomatics, Computer Science and Mathematics” - The program language is English, therefore a level of minimun B2 in English Language is required - max. 25 students in total (places are limited)",,"EUR 990: - Students of a partner university of HFT Stuttgart: 990€ - Students of a university which is not a partner of HFT Stuttgart: 1.090€ - Students of HFT Stuttgart: 120€ (housing and public transport in Stuttgart area not included) The fee for international students (non-HFT students) includes: - Accommodation in a single room with shared bathroom, including breakfast at the International Student Hotel Stuttgart for 15 nights - German language course, project management workshop, supervision of group work and company visits - Cultural program in Stuttgart and the surrounding area, city tour of Stuttgart, two excursions/day trips to cities in southern Germany (bus, train, guided tours, entrance fees) - Catering at the welcome and farewell event - Public transportation within Stuttgart (02.-16.08.) - Administrative costs for the program","10 scholarships of 400€ each will be awarded to international students from HFT partner universities (be quick, because ""first come, first served"": Scholarships are awarded in the order in which applications are received)","2 EC Certificate of Participation and 2 Credit Points with successful participation, no grading possible"
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Theory and Practice,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",5 August 2024 - 23 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 1360,10 July 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students in undergraduate or entry-level postgraduate study. Basic knowledge of calculus and linear algebra is required, and some experience of coding is recommended. Prior experience of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or the Python programming language is not required.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand theoretical concepts of artificial intelligence and machine learning. - Know how basic artificial intelligence and machine learning tools are used in practice. - Know how to implement basic algorithms and train small networks for practical problems. - Be able to identify and use relevant artificial intelligence and machine learning tools in research. - Know how to implement and deploy artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms on Google Cloud.","GBP 1360: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - Access to the LMH Summer Programmes remote learning platform. - Support of the dedicated Remote Learning Coordinator.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Deep Unsupervised Learning,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",5 August 2024 - 23 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 3980,10 May 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning, recurrent neural networks, and convolutional neural networks. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand the differences between supervised and unsupervised learning and the fundamentals of clustering. - Be able to utilise a range of algorithms and techniques for unsupervised, self-supervised, and semi-supervised learning. - Be able to evaluate the efficacy of real-world applications of deep unsupervised learning across various domains. - be able to demonstrate familiarity with the current state of research into deep unsupervised learning.","GBP 3980: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - A co-curricular programme of skills workshops and guest speakers. - Access to the Lady Margaret Hall College Library. - Bed & Breakfast accommodation throughout your programme. - Lunch and dinner in the College Dining Hall Monday to Friday. - A full Social & Cultural Programme, including two excursions to other English cities per three-week programme session. - A high-quality printed class photograph. - Formal Graduation banquet.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Machine Learning and Advanced Statistics,"Madrid, Spain",Madrid UPM Machine Learning and Advanced Statistics Summer School,17 June 2024 - 28 June 2024,English,2 weeks,,EUR 300,14 June 2024,Pedro Larrañaga,"PhD students, researchers, machine learning practitioners.",,EUR 300: The academia fee per single course is 300 euros. A student can enroll in up to 6 courses.,,
Critical Approaches to Artificial Intelligence and Network Society,"Barcelona, Spain",Barcelona International Summer School,1 July 2024 - 26 July 2024,English,4 weeks,6 EC,EUR 150,17 May 2024,Dr. Ian Alan Paul,"Undergraduated students (Sophomore, Junior and Senior)",,EUR 150: Registration fee (non refundable) EUR 900: Tuition fee (non refundable),Non UPF students from universities with an international exchange partnership with UPF will be exempt of paying the 150€ non refundable registration fee.,
Relying on Hallucinations: The Linguistics Behind Human-AI Interactions,"Barcelona, Spain",Barcelona International Summer School,22 July 2024 - 26 July 2024,English,1 week,2 EC,EUR 150,17 May 2024,Martina Wiltschko,"Undergraduated students (Sophomore, Junior and Senior)",,EUR 150: Registration fee (non refundable) EUR 550: Tuition fee (non refundable),Non UPF students from universities with an international exchange partnership with UPF will be exempt of paying the 150€ non refundable registration fee.,
Understanding Artificial Intelligence and Big Data,"Paris-Cachan, France",Avaincity Artificial Intelligence & Big Data International Summer School,1 July 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,2 weeks,,EUR 1500,15 June 2024,Doreid Ammar,This program is open to: High school students and students - No pre-requisites are required to take this program. It is designed for students who do not have advanced knowledge in the field of technology and artificial intelligence.,Provide international students with a unique experience in the field of AI and Data? Students will discover the technical aspect of AI but also its impication for the business and management but also for people and societY,"EUR 1500: These fees include courses and companies visits EUR 3200: These fees include courses, company visits, accommodation in residence (2 or 3 per apartment), breakfast and lunch box, airport pick-up and drop-off and accompaniment on sightseeing tours is proposed at 3200€",No scholarship are proposed for this program,A course certificate will be delivered
Creativity and Artificial Intelligence - Junior,"Madrid, Spain",IED Summer Courses,1 July 2024 - 19 July 2024,English,3 weeks,10 EC,EUR 1200,30 June 2024,,"For people between 14 and 18 years old with a curious spirit and entrepreneurial mentality, who want to explore the world of artificial intelligence to improve their projects and ideas.","Your learning will include the practical development and presentation of a project for which, in addition to art direction, you will use specific software for video, sound, photography or illustration.",EUR 1200: €1200,,
4th Advanced Course on Artificial Intelligence & Neuroscience - ACAIN 2024,"Tuscany, Italy",Interdisciplinary Centre of Advanced Studies,22 September 2024 - 25 September 2024,English,1 week,8 EC,EUR 580,23 May 2024,"Directors and Chairs: Giuseppe Nicosia, University of Catania, Italy Panos Pardalos, University of Florida, USA","The 4th Advanced Course and Symposium on Artificial Intelligence & Neuroscience (ACAIN) is a full-immersion five-day Course and Symposium at the Riva del Sole Resort & SPA, Castiglione della Pescaia (Grosseto), Tuscany, Italy on cutting-edge advances in Artificial Intelligence and Neuroscience with lectures delivered by world-renowned experts. The Course provides a stimulating environment for academics, early career researchers, Post-Docs, PhD students and industry leaders. Participants will also have the chance to present their results with oral talks or posters, and to interact with their colleagues, in a convivial and productive environment.","Applicant may submit an abstract (max 2 pages; any format) for presentation. Course directors and the scientific committee will review the abstracts and will recommend for short talk. Abstract submission deadline: May 23 Abstract notification: July 10, 2024 Submission site: EasyChair","EUR 580: Early Registration Fee (by May 23, 2024): € 580 The Registration Fees cover: all courses, plenary talks, oral presentations, tutorials, special sessions/workshops, all the scientific activities, VAT, publication in the Springer LNCS Proceedings, and the partecipation to the 10th International Conference on machine Learning, Optimization and Data science – LOD 2024. EUR 630: Late Registration Fee (from May 24, 2024): € 630 The Registration Fees cover: all courses, plenary talks, oral presentations, tutorials, special sessions/workshops, all the scientific activities, VAT, publication in the Springer LNCS Proceedings, and the partecipation to the 10th International Conference on machine Learning, Optimization and Data science – LOD 2024.",No scholarships,"8 EC The Event will involve a total of 36-40 hours of lectures. Academically, this will be equivalent to 8 ECTS points for the PhD Students and the Master Students attending the Event."
Artificial Intelligence in Banking and Finance,"Anglet, France",Business Analytics Institute Summer School,1 July 2024 - 10 July 2024,English,2 weeks,4 EC,EUR 1395,15 April 2024,Dr. Lee SCHLENKER,Upperclass and graduate business and engineering students,"Summer Program The 2023 BAI Summer School will focus on how Data Science is shaping Banking and Fintech. The pedagogical program includes seminars, workshops and expert testimony to help management students and professionals understand the opportunities and challenges of building their Data Science careers in this highly competitive industry","EUR 1395: Course Fees The basic fees for the session are 1395 euros for the class fees, 250 euros for social budget, and 200 euros for basic student housing. EUR 275: Social Program",Partial scholarships are offered to BAI Community Members,
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Theory and Practice,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",24 June 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 3980,10 May 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students in undergraduate or entry-level postgraduate study. Basic knowledge of calculus and linear algebra is required, and some experience of coding is recommended. Prior experience of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or the Python programming language is not required.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand theoretical concepts of artificial intelligence and machine learning. - Know how basic artificial intelligence and machine learning tools are used in practice. - Know how to implement basic algorithms and train small networks for practical problems. - Be able to identify and use relevant artificial intelligence and machine learning tools in research. - Know how to implement and deploy artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms on Google Cloud.","GBP 3980: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - A co-curricular programme of skills workshops and guest speakers. - Access to the Lady Margaret Hall College Library. - Bed & Breakfast accommodation throughout your programme. - Lunch and dinner in the College Dining Hall Monday to Friday. - A full Social & Cultural Programme, including two excursions to other English cities per three-week programme session. - A high-quality printed class photograph. - Formal Graduation banquet.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Reinforcement Learning,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",24 June 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 3980,10 May 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning, neural networks and basic dynamic programming. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand the fundamentals of reinforcement learning, including agents, environments, and rewards. - Be able to assess and utilise a range of reinforcement learning approaches. - Be able to evaluate the efficacy of a range of reinforcement learning methods. - Understand different strategies for training multiple agents, both decentralised and centralised. - Demonstrate familiarity with current research.","GBP 3980: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - A co-curricular programme of skills workshops and guest speakers. - Access to the Lady Margaret Hall College Library. - Bed & Breakfast accommodation throughout your programme. - Lunch and dinner in the College Dining Hall Monday to Friday. - A full Social & Cultural Programme, including two excursions to other English cities per three-week programme session. - A high-quality printed class photograph. - Formal Graduation banquet.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
The Challenges of Artificial Intelligence | No.1,"Paris, France",Sorbonne Summer University,8 July 2024 - 12 July 2024,French,1 week,,EUR 425,18 June 2024,Sorbonne Summer University Email Address: lettres-ftlv-universite-ete@sorbonne-universite.fr,"Students, tourists, or curious Parisians ! (A good level of French is required: B1)","Discover the ongoing debates in various scientific fields, while delving deep into the French civilization and being taught by professors from the renowned Sorbonne Université.",EUR 425: Registration before April 30th EUR 500: Full fee,None.,A course certificate will be delivered.
"What's the Buzz? Society, Social Media, and Artificial Intelligence in Europe Today","Tübingen, Germany",Tübingen-International & European Studies (T-IES),31 May 2024 - 28 June 2024,English,4 weeks,8 EC,EUR 1950,30 April 2024,The courses are taught by University of Tübingen faculty and experts dedicated to the study of Europe.,"The courses are designed for undergraduate students from all academic disciplines with a strong general interest in cultures, Europe and Germany in particular. A very good command of English and the willingness to actively participate during course activities are required.","By familiarizing themselves with how the EU works today and the recent challenges it faces, at the end of the course students will have solid knowledge about the process, potential benefits and pitfalls of regional integration which they can not only apply to Europe alone, but to other world regions as well. They will be able to identify and understand the dynamics of transnational policy-making and how the coordination of political activities among nation states generally impacts the lives of citizens in many countries at the same time.","EUR 1950: The price includes - All courses - Course materials - Study trips - Accommodation in Tübingen - Cultural and social activities - A public transportation ticket for use within Tübingen - Welcome and Farewell reception EUR 1800: For students who are enrolled at a partner university of the University of Tübingen the program fee will be € 1,800.",,"8 EC After successful completion of all courses and fulfillment of all course requirements 8 ECTS credits will be awarded for participation in the Summer School (subject courses: 6 ECTS credits; German language course and intercultural workshop: 2 ECTS credits). The University of Tübingen applies the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System (ECTS). The ECTS is a system for international recognition of academic achievements and transfer of study credits. Thus, study and examination performance achieved during a study abroad can be recognized by the home university. At the University of Tübingen 1 ECTS equals a workload of 30 hours. The workload comprises regular presence and active participation in the courses, private and independent study, preparation of projects and examinations (e.g. written test, oral presentation, essay). The attendance at a course of 45 min will be counted as 1 contact hour (60 min)."
Machine Learning for Business,"Amsterdam, Netherlands",Tinbergen Institute & Business Data Science Summer School,22 July 2024 - 26 July 2024,English,1 week,3 EC,EUR 1000,24 June 2024,"Eran Raviv holds a PhD in econometrics at Erasmus University Rotterdam, a master’s degree in Applied Statistics (Tel Aviv University) and a master’s degree in Quantitative Finance (EUR). Currently he is a senior quantitative investment strategist at APG","The course is accessible for (research) master students, PhD students and post-docs as well as professionals. Students are expected to have a solid background in calculus, linear algebra, and classical statistics. Good familiarity with open source languages such as R or Python is a must. Admission requirements Students are expected to have a solid background in calculus, linear algebra, and classical statistics. Good familiarity with open source languages such as R or Python is a must.","The course aims to minimize the gap between modern statistical theory and practical application in business environments, where many statistical tools are underutilized.",EUR 1000: PhD and Master Students € 1.000 EUR 2000: Academics (incl. postdocs) and Professionals € 2.000,,3 EC Participants who joined at least 80% of all sessions and hand in the assignment will receive a certificate of participation stating that the summer school is equivalent to a work load of 3 ECTS. Note that it is the student’s own responsibility to get these credits registered at their university.
Text Mining,"St. Gallen, Switzerland",GSERM - Global School in Empirical Research Methods,10 June 2024 - 14 June 2024,English,1 week,4 EC,CHF 1100,30 April 2024,Edward Kwartler,Master | PhD | Postdoc | Professional,,CHF 1100: Master | PhD CHF 2000: Postdoc | Professional,,
7th Advanced Course on Data Science & Machine Learning - ACDL 2024,"Tuscany, Italy",Interdisciplinary Centre of Advanced Studies,10 June 2024 - 14 June 2024,English,1 week,8 EC,EUR 580,23 May 2024,"Directors Giuseppe Nicosia, University of Catania, Italy Panos Pardalos, University of Florida, USA","The Course provides a stimulating environment for PhD students, junior academics, early career researches, Post-Docs and industry leaders. Participants will also have the chance to present their results with talks, and to interact with their colleagues, in a convivial and productive environment.","ACDL 2024 The lectures will be delivered by world renowned experts in the field, from both academia and industry, and will cover both theoretical and practical aspects of AI, Machine/Deep Learning, Generative AI, and Data Science. ECTS Points The Course will involve a total of 36-40 hours of lectures, according to the academic system the final achievement will be equivalent to 8 ECTS points for the PhD Students (and some strongly motivated master student) attending the course; during the course the PhD students will tackle home-works/projects. Two-steps procedure for participating in ACDL 2024 To participate in the ACDL 2024, all attendants must (1/2) register for the course (by February 23, 2024) and (2/2) book accommodation (by the accommodation form) at the course venue, “Riva del Sole Hotel” (by by April 23, 2024); all attendants must stay at the “Riva del Sole Hotel”. Once accommodation has been booked at Riva del Sole Hotel, the participant must send this information to the ACDL organizing committee (acdl@icas.cc). PayPal will be used to pay the registration fee.","EUR 580: Early Registration Fee (by May 23, 2024): € 580 The Registration Fees cover: all course sessions, oral presentations, tutorials, PayPal/Bank service, VAT, all the scientific activities. EUR 630: Late Registration Fee (from May 24, 2024): € 630 The Registration Fees cover: all course sessions, oral presentations, tutorials, PayPal/Bank service, VAT, all the scientific activities.",No scholarships.,"8 EC PhD students, Postdocs, Industry Practitioners, Junior Academics, and will be typical profiles of the ACDL attendants. The Course will involve a total of 36-40 hours of lectures, according to the academic system the final achievement will be equivalent to 8 ECTS points for the PhD Students (and some strongly motivated master student) attending the Course. At the end of the course, a formal certificate will be delivered indicating the 8 ECTS points."
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence,"Utrecht, Netherlands",Utrecht Summer School,15 July 2024 - 19 July 2024,English,1 week,2 EC,EUR 740,15 June 2024,"Sieuwert van Otterloo, PhD",Bachelor and Master students from all background are welcome. It is necessary to have basic mathematics experience (linear algebra) and computer literacy skills . The course includes practical sessions where students will use Python and Jupyter notebook to complete assignments. Note that students should bring their own laptop computer.,The aim of the course is to give students with a Business or Science background an understanding of Artificial Intelligence and help them develop basic AI systems.,EUR 740: Course + course materials If you are a student you will receive a discount and pay a course fee of € 590. EUR 250: Housing fee (optional),,
Applied Mathematics,"Utrecht, Netherlands",Utrecht Summer School,12 August 2024 - 16 August 2024,English,1 week,1.5 EC,EUR 100,23 June 2024,"Dr. Ivan Kryven, Dr. Palina Salanevich, Wilfred de Graaf MSc","The aim of the summer school is to expose students to the state-of-the-art research topics in modern applied mathematics and provide them with an overview of the research done at the Mathematical Institute of Utrecht University. During the mini-courses, the participants will also get an opportunity to interact with each other and apply newly gained knowledge during the exercise sessions. The learning experience will be complemented with a social program.","The aim of the summer school is to expose students to the state-of-the-art research topics in modern applied mathematics and provide them with an overview of the research done at the Mathematical Institute of Utrecht University. During the mini-courses, the participants will also get an opportunity to interact with each other and apply newly gained knowledge during the exercise sessions. The learning experience will be complemented with a social program.",EUR 100: Course fee EUR 200: Housing fee,"There are no travel grants, grants for housing costs or fee waivers available. The fee includes a social lunch and a dinner. Since the number of spots in the summer school is limited, we will select participants on a first come, first served basis, based",
"Generative AI for Writing, Research, Analytics and Prototyping","Tallinn, Estonia",Tallinn Summer School,15 July 2024 - 18 July 2024,English,1 week,2 EC,EUR 350,15 June 2024,"Andres Karjus, PhD: research fellow of cultural data analytics at Tallinn University, senior research fellow at the Estonian Business School, digital skills instructor and consultant in the private sector.","The target group is anybody looking to automate and augment their research, writing or product development processes, particularly using artificial intelligence and other machine learning-driven tools. The course is limited to 10-25 participants to foster a personalized approach. No prerequisites, but bring your own computer.",,"EUR 350: Early Bird Fee until 31 March 2024. NB! The course fee does not include any subscriptions to paid versions of AI apps (which are optional) or API usage allowances. Accommodation, cultural programme and meals are not included in the price. EUR 400: Regular Course Fee after 31 March 2024. NB! The course fee does not include any subscriptions to paid versions of AI apps (which are optional) or API usage allowances. Accommodation, cultural programme and meals are not included in the price.",,
Advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Reinforcement Learning,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",24 June 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 1360,10 June 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students with intermediate level experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning concepts and techniques, including those undertaking, or looking ahead to, graduate level study or research. Specifically, students on this course must have experience of the following topics: - Knowledge of the deep learning libraries. - Understanding of deep learning, neural networks and basic dynamic programming. - Strong background in optimization and probability. - Familiarity with the Python programming language.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand the fundamentals of reinforcement learning, including agents, environments, and rewards. - Be able to assess and utilise a range of reinforcement learning approaches. - Be able to evaluate the efficacy of a range of reinforcement learning methods. - Understand different strategies for training multiple agents, both decentralised and centralised. - Demonstrate familiarity with current research.","GBP 1360: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - Access to the LMH Summer Programmes remote learning platform. - Support of the dedicated Remote Learning Coordinator.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Artificial Intelligence,"London, United Kingdom","Université Paris Dauphine - PSL, London campus, Summer Schools",1 July 2024 - 19 July 2024,English,3 weeks,,GBP 1900,26 June 2024,Jason Lermyte,"No prior knowledge of AI is required, but students must have completed their first year of undergraduate studies.","Our 3-week programme aims to teach you the fundamentals of Artificial Intelligence, including the history of AI, key players in the field, and significant achievements. You will also explore the role of data in AI, covering data management and ethical considerations. Finally, you will delve into AI algorithms to understand their principles and applications, and address challenges such as biases in AI systems.",GBP 1900: Apply before 31 March 2024 to benefit from a 15% discount.,We offer scholarships on a basis of need and academic merit to qualifying students. Please inquire.,
Artificial Intelligence & Cybersecurity,"Turku, Finland",Turku Åbo Summer School,5 June 2024 - 31 August 2024,English,13 weeks,2 EC,,14 April 2024,University of Turku,Anyone interested in AI and cybersecurity.,Learning outcomes - To recognize strengths and weaknesses of popular AI solutions from a cybersecurity perspective - Learn how to prepare against AI failures - Basics of how AI can be used to enhance cybersecurity - Detect and address ethical issues involved in AI and the use of AI,EUR 0: Free online course.,,
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: Theory and Practice,"Oxford, United Kingdom","Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford",5 August 2024 - 23 August 2024,English,3 weeks,7.5 EC,GBP 3980,10 May 2024,,"This course would suit STEM students in undergraduate or entry-level postgraduate study. Basic knowledge of calculus and linear algebra is required, and some experience of coding is recommended. Prior experience of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or the Python programming language is not required.","By the end of this course, you will: - Understand theoretical concepts of artificial intelligence and machine learning. - Know how basic artificial intelligence and machine learning tools are used in practice. - Know how to implement basic algorithms and train small networks for practical problems. - Be able to identify and use relevant artificial intelligence and machine learning tools in research. - Know how to implement and deploy artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms on Google Cloud.","GBP 3980: This includes: - All tuition, including lectures, seminars, and tutorials. - Assessment, transcript of academic performance, and certificate. - A co-curricular programme of skills workshops and guest speakers. - Access to the Lady Margaret Hall College Library. - Bed & Breakfast accommodation throughout your programme. - Lunch and dinner in the College Dining Hall Monday to Friday. - A full Social & Cultural Programme, including two excursions to other English cities per three-week programme session. - A high-quality printed class photograph. - Formal Graduation banquet.",,"7.5 EC LMH Summer Programmes are designed to be eligible for credit, and we recommend the award of 7.5 ECTS / 4 US / 15 CATS for this course."
Artificial Intelligence,"Madrid, Spain",UPM International Summer School,22 July 2024 - 26 July 2024,English,1 week,2 EC,EUR 350,14 April 2024,María Poveda & Víctor Rodríguez,Undergraduate students,Provide students with insights into trending technology applications,EUR 350: Course tuition fee,Students who register before 29 February will be charged a discounted rate of 315 euros.,
Computational Language Technologies for Medievalists,"Graz, Austria",Computational Language Technologies for Medievalists,8 July 2024 - 12 July 2024,English,1 week,10 EC,,15 March 2024,,Doctoral and postdoctoral students,,EUR 0: -,,
Deep Learning: Fundamentals and Applications,"St. Gallen, Switzerland",GSERM - Global School in Empirical Research Methods,10 June 2024 - 14 June 2024,English,1 week,4 EC,CHF 1100,30 April 2024,Damian Borth & Korbinian Riedhammer,Master | PhD | Postdoc | Professional,,CHF 1100: Master | PhD CHF 2000: Postdoc | Professional,,
Artificial Intelligence + Croatian Language and Culture,"Zagreb and Šibenik, Croatia",Algebra International Summer School,1 July 2024 - 27 July 2024,English,4 weeks,10 EC,EUR 2350,31 May 2024,"Leo Mršić, PhD is the experienced top level Corporate Executive, Entrepreneur, College Professor, Assistant Professor, Certified Court Expert Witness with deep expertise in appliance of technology in different areas of business and government.",Students enrolled in higher education above the age of 18.,"Generally, we are witnessing significant improvement of various technologies all related to AIl influence which drives demand for understanding not only how to use and implement such technologies but to understand basic concepts of how selected components really work.","EUR 2350: Apart from the selected main module, the tuition fee also includes: CULTURAL & SOCIAL PROGRAM quirky museums, historical sightseeing, field trips CROATIAN CUISINE: lunch during weekdays COMPANY VISITS AND GUEST LECTURERS Transportation to and from Šibenik",,
Artificial Intelligence A Practical Introduction,"Coventry, United Kingdom",University of Warwick Summer School,14 July 2024 - 3 August 2024,English,3 weeks,10 EC,GBP 2350,31 May 2024,"Dr Paolo TurriniLink, Charlie Pilgrim","There are no prerequisites to this course, however students should keep in mind that it is ultimately a technical course, where mathematical and programming knowledge will be provided. This course is open to students studying any discipline at University level. We welcome individuals from all backgrounds, including students who are currently studying another subject but who want to broaden their knowledge in another discipline. Students should also meet our standard entry requirements and must be aged 18 or over by the time the Summer School commences and have a good understanding of the English.","The course will be an investigation of the most important developments of AI in multi-agent contexts, touching upon themes such as opponent modelling, games with imperfect information, resource allocation, collective decision-making and electronic commerce applications.",GBP 2350: Student Rate (for any students in full-time education at any University or College worldwide) GBP 3150: Standard Rate,,10 EC 3-4 credits (US) 7.5 ECTS points (EU)
